Fixed bug in testbed where secondary windows could open as tabs on macOS (#2218)
beeware/toga: docs/reference/api/window.rst

Notes
-----
* The operating system may provide controls that allow the user to resize, reposition,
  minimize, maximize or close the window. However, the availability of these controls
  is entirely operating system dependent.

> * Similarly, while Toga provides methods for specifying the size and position of
>   windows, these are ultimately at the discretion of the OS (or window manager). For
>   example, depending on users' settings on macOS, new windows may open as tabs instead,
>   and many GTK window managers for Linux may not honor an app's size and position
>   requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* While Toga provides methods for specifying the size and position of windows,
  these are ultimately at the discretion of the OS (or window manager). For
  example, on macOS, depending on a user's OS-level settings, new windows may
  open as tabs on the main window; on Linux, some window managers (e.g., tiling
  window managers) may not honor an app's size and position requests. You should
  avoid making UI design decisions that are dependent on specific size and
  placement of windows.
```
